Update documentation of Sentry integration. (#3927)
plone/volto: docs/source/configuration/settings-reference.md

defaultBlockType
    The default block type in Volto is "text", which uses the current DraftJS-based implementation for the rich text editor. Future alternative rich text editors will need to use this setting and replace it with their block type. The block definition should also include the `blockHasValue` function, which is needed to activate the Block Chooser functionality. See this function signature in [Blocks > Settings](../blocks/settings.md).
    

sentryOptions

>     Sentry integration is moved to add-on [`@plone-collective/volto-sentry`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@plone-collective/volto-sentry). Please see {doc}`../deploying/sentry` for Sentry integration.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
    In Volto 16.0.0.alpha.45, Sentry integration was moved from core to the add-on [`@plone-collective/volto-sentry`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@plone-collective/volto-sentry).

    ```{seealso}
    See {doc}`../deploying/sentry` for Sentry integration.
    ```
````
